Token 			 Lexemes
-----------------------------------------
keyword                function
identifier               convert1x
separator                       (
identifier                    fahr
keyword                     int
separator                       )
separator                       {
identifier                  return
integer                       5
operator                       *
separator                       (
identifier                    fahr
operator                       -
integer                      32
separator                       )
operator                       /
integer                       9
separator                       ;
separator                       }
operator                       %
operator                       %
keyword                     int
identifier                     low
separator                       ,
identifier                    high
separator                       ,
identifier                    step
separator                       ;
identifier                     get
separator                       (
identifier                     low
separator                       ,
identifier                    high
separator                       ,
identifier                    step
separator                       )
separator                       ;
keyword                   while
separator                       (
identifier                     low
operator                       <
operator                       =
identifier                    high
separator                       )
separator                       {
identifier                     put
separator                       (
identifier                     low
separator                       )
separator                       ;
identifier                     put
separator                       (
identifier               convert1x
separator                       (
identifier                     low
separator                       )
separator                       )
separator                       ;
identifier                     low
operator                       =
identifier                     low
operator                       +
identifier                    step
separator                       ;
separator                       }
operator                       %
operator                       %
