Token 			 Lexemes
-----------------------------------------
keyword                function
identifier                   total
separator                       (
identifier                   price
keyword                   float
separator                       ,
identifier                quantity
keyword                     int
separator                       )
separator                       {
identifier                  return
identifier                   price
operator                       *
identifier                quantity
separator                       ;
separator                       }
operator                       %
operator                       %
keyword                   float
identifier                   price
separator                       ,
identifier                   total
separator                       ;
keyword                     int
identifier                quantity
separator                       ;
identifier                     get
separator                       (
identifier                   price
separator                       ,
identifier                quantity
separator                       )
separator                       ;
keyword                   while
separator                       (
identifier                quantity
operator                       >
integer                       0
separator                       )
separator                       {
identifier                     put
separator                       (
identifier                   total
separator                       (
identifier                   price
separator                       ,
identifier                quantity
separator                       )
separator                       )
separator                       ;
separator                       }
operator                       %
operator                       %
