Token 			 Lexemes
-----------------------------------------
keyword                function
identifier       convert_to_inches
separator                       (
identifier                  length
keyword                     int
separator                       )
separator                       {
identifier                  return
identifier                  length
operator                       *
integer                      12
separator                       ;
separator                       }
operator                       %
operator                       %
keyword                function
identifier          conver_to_feet
separator                       (
identifier                  length
keyword                     int
separator                       )
separator                       {
identifier                  return
identifier                  length
operator                       /
integer                      12
separator                       ;
separator                       }
operator                       %
operator                       %
keyword                     int
identifier                  length
separator                       ;
identifier                  string
identifier                    unit
separator                       ;
identifier                     get
separator                       (
identifier                  lenght
separator                       ,
identifier                    unit
separator                       )
separator                       ;
keyword                      if
separator                       (
identifier                    unit
operator                       =
operator                       =
identifier                    feet
separator                       )
separator                       {
identifier                     put
separator                       (
identifier       convert_to_inches
separator                       (
identifier                  lenght
separator                       )
separator                       )
separator                       ;
separator                       }
identifier               otherwise
Error state                       $
separator                       {
identifier                     put
separator                       (
identifier         convert_to_feet
separator                       (
identifier                  length
separator                       )
separator                       )
separator                       ;
separator                       }
identifier                      fi
operator                       %
operator                       %
